Before we move on with the course, I want to take a brief moment to let you know about something important
on Udemy, and that is the review system.
Now the Udemy marketplace is very competitive and it takes a lot to make a good course.
Therefore, Udemy periodically asks you for reviews and that is completely out of the control of Udemy.
Instructor So myself, I have no control over that now.
Personally, I always strive for a five star course and in fact any review that is less than five stars
is generally bad for a course standing on Udemy, which means Udemy promotes it.
Less and fewer students see it.
So I just want to invite you that if you dislike something about my course, please send me a message
and let me know if I can change the course and improve it.
I will.
And I want to earn your five star reviews with all my courses.
If you enjoy the course, however, and you feel you are ready, please consider reviewing it positively.
It really helps out a lot.
Thank you so much.
And now let's get back to the course content.